---
title: About Us
layout: default
---

Eric Kohring, a graduate of the architectural program at Southern
Illinois University at Carbondale, has been practicing architecture
for over 13 years in the St. Louis Area. He has served as project
architect and consultant with a special interest in accessibility in
historic renovations, court-required surveys and in apartments, condos
and homes for individuals with disabilities.

Eric was afforded the opportunity to have Gina Hilberry of Cohen
Hilberry Architects as a mentor while working with Cohen Hilberry
Architects.  Eric, with Gina, has assisted in facilitating lectures,
seminars, accessibility surveys and consulting.  Eric also worked as
the architectural specialist for Paraquad, a Center for Independent
Living.

Eric also has served as an alternate on the International Code
Council's committee for the review of the accessibility code (ANSI
A117). He currently sits on the board of the Equal Housing Opportunity
Council and the East-West Gateway's Bicycle and Pedestrian Advisory
Committee. He has worked closely with the Missouri Department of
Transportation, the Missouri Commission on Human Rights, MetroBus, St.
Louis City's Continuum of Care, St. Louis City and several
municipalities in the area.

In addition to his extensive background in accessible design, Eric has
had the pleasure of working with groups of advocates with varying
disabilities. These individuals have knowledge of the codes, but even
better, they have first-hand experience of what works. This important
collaboration has given Eric insight into best practices and allows
him to create the most accessible environment possible.
