---
title: Contact Us
---

Architectural Accessibility Consultants is a tremendous resource for
you whether you are an agent, a baby boomer, a caregiver, a building
contractor, a real estate investor, a personal injury attorney or a
group leader looking for a speaker.

If you are AN AGENT of social service, insurance, veteran's or
workmen’s compensation working with a client in need of home
modification and you want the project to be cost effective and time
efficient, we will make your job easier. If you are A BABY BOOMER
desiring to stay in your own home, to age in place, Architectural
Accessibility Consultants can help you reach this realistic goal. If
you are CARING for an individual in your home that has a disability or
degenerative disease, we can make your job easier. If you are A
BUILDING CONTRACTOR in need of a certified accessibility specialist to
provide a professional assessment to determine a client’s home
modification needs, call Architectural Accessibility Consultants. If
you are A REAL ESTATE INVESTOR looking to gain value in your
properties, universal design can increase value. If you are a PERSONAL
INJURY ATTORNEY needing an all-inclusive referral to help your client
with home modification, give them our contact information. If you NEED
A SPEAKER to inform your group about home modifications, Architectural
Accessibility Consultants will produce a presentation geared toward
your organization’s needs.
 
Plus, if you plan to MODIFY AN EXISTING HOME or BUILD A NEW HOME,
consider universal and accessible design principles in the early
planning stages to avoid expensive do-overs. We can help.
 
Architectural Accessibility Consultants conducts ASSESSMENTS to
determine home modifications that provide optimal safety and
accessibility, and aid individuals in achieving or maintaining self-
sufficiency. We provide ACCESSIBILITY CONSULTATION and WRITTEN REPORTS
of assessments and Letters of Medical Necessity (when required). We
ease THE PROCESS of HOME MODIFICATION by serving as LIAISON between
the homeowner, building contractors, and those providing financial
assistance and support to individuals and families needing accessible
changes in their homes, creating a team approach. We CONSULT with
PROFESSIONALS on-site: Contractors, lift and transfer company
representatives and other professionals as needed to recommend
equipment that will provide structural stability within the home and
optimal safety for the client. We provide UN-BIASED PRODUCT
INFORMATION and recommendations to most favorably fulfill the needs of
clients to promote best practices and use of available funds. We
conduct a FOLLOW-UP visit to verify completeness of each project.
